[18.0][OU-ADD] pos_discount: Nothing to do (#5515)
OCA/OpenUpgrade: openupgrade_scripts/scripts/pos_discount/18.0.1.0/upgrade_analysis.txt

---Fields in module 'pos_discount'---
---XML records in module 'pos_discount'---
NEW product.product: pos_discount.product_product_consumable [renamed from point_of_sale module] (noupdate)

> # Nothing to do as xmlid is alredy beeing taken care of in point_of_sale scripts

Reviewer: We use this convention, and I have rephrased to:

```suggestion
# NOTHING TO DO: As XML-ID renaming is already taken into account in point_of_sale scripts
```

Reviewer 2: this should have gone to `upgrade_analysis_work.txt`, see https://github.com/OCA/OpenUpgrade/pull/5519/changes#diff-c2034d9f8edeb109b86f449319e48a96aedb8712149267e4aebf431b8cd18c5e

Reviewer: Ouch, true. My fault not detecting it in the review...
